{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Molly decided to drive her mom's car.", "prediction": "Molly decided to drive her mom's car to work today. She had never driven it before, but she thought it would be a fun challenge. She was right -- it was a lot of fun!"}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"pizza night\":", "prediction": "Tonight was pizza night in the office. Everyone was looking forward to it, especially because it was Tony's turn to make the dough. He was always so excited when it was his turn. He started mixing the flour, yeast, and salt together in a bowl, then added the water and stirred until the dough was smooth. After letting it rise for a few minutes, he transferred it to a greased breadboard and began to shape it into a ball. He put it in the oven and waited for it to come out golden brown. Once it did, he took it out and put it on a cutting board. He then started to add all of the toppings: pepperoni, ham, mushrooms, and onions. He put it back in the oven and let it cook for a few more minutes. When it was finished, he took it out and put it on plates. Everyone enjoyed their pizza, and they were sure that it was thanks to Tony's amazing dough."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: My girlfriend and I were watching a movie at night.", "prediction": "My girlfriend and I were watching a movie at night when I heard a loud crash from outside. I got up to check it out and saw that our window had been smashed."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"First Day Teaching\":", "prediction": "I was so excited to start my new job as a first day teacher. I arrived at the school early, and started unpacking my things. I met my colleague in the hallway and we went to our classrooms. I was so nervous, but I tried not to show it. I introduced myself to my students, and got to work."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Yacht time\":", "prediction": "It was finally yacht time. My friends and I had been planning this trip for months and we were all really excited. Our boat was waiting for us, just like we had planned. We loaded our things into the car and headed out. We had a great time on the boat and laughed until our stomachs hurt."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Perks of the job\":", "prediction": "I love the perks of my job! I get to work in a comfortable environment, and I get paid well. Plus, I get to travel all around the country for work events."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"The Missed Meal\":", "prediction": "She skipped lunch today and felt the consequences later in the day. She was feeling sluggish and her stomach was growling. She knew she should have eaten something before leaving for work, but she didn't want to go to the cafeteria. She decided to buy some food on the way home."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Loose Lips\":", "prediction": "I am always careful what I say, especially around my family. My mother is a stickler for honesty and I respect that about her. Unfortunately, my father is not as conscientious. He loves to tell jokes and make light of serious topics. I've learned to be careful what I say around him, too, because I never know when he'll let his guard down and spill the beans."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: The cleaning person we hired started today.", "prediction": "Today, the cleaning person we hired started. She's been working for us for a week now and it's been really nice not to have to worry about the house being clean."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: We were visiting our daughter in 2009.", "prediction": "We were visiting our daughter in 2009 when we discovered she was dating a young man."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: The day dawned dark and gloomy.", "prediction": "The weatherman had predicted that the rain would continue all day, and it did. The ground was already wet, and the rain pattered against the windowpanes like tiny fingers tapping impatiently for entrance."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Bill bought an old bar to renovate.", "prediction": "The old bar was in a rundown part of town and had been abandoned for years. Bill was determined to turn it into a successful business. He spent months renovating the bar, painting the walls bright colors and installing new floors. When he finally opened it, people were amazed at how beautiful it looked."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Computer Games\":", "prediction": "Lexi was looking forward to playing her new computer game. She had been waiting for it to come in the mail for weeks. She finally got it delivered and set it up, only to find out that it didn't work."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Little Lisa's Chicken\":", "prediction": "Lisa's chicken coop was always full of chicks. She loved taking care of them, feeding them and watering them. Lisa would often bring her chickens out to play with her other pets. Her dog would chase them around, her cat would sit in a tree nearby and watch them, and her guinea pig would run around in circles. Lisa was so happy living the simple life with her animals and her chickens."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"The Hotel\":", "prediction": "Arriving at the hotel, I was surprised to find that it was in a state of disrepair. The lobby was dirty and the windows were foggy. It didn't look like it had been cleaned in months. I was disappointed, but decided to check in."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Aaron was proud of his family's history.", "prediction": "Aaron was proud of his family's history. They had been farmers all of their lives and were very successful. Aaron felt lucky to be able to continue the tradition of farming on his own family's land."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Jack took his stuffed bear to show and tell at preschool.", "prediction": "Jack took his stuffed bear to show and tell at preschool. He was excited to share his favorite toy with the other children, but was a bit nervous. He had never done this before, but knew he could do it."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Watching it rain\":", "prediction": "I was sitting in my living room, watching it rain outside. I loved the sound of the drops hitting the ground. It was a calming noise."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"music\":", "prediction": "I was listening to my music while I was working on my paper when I heard someone coming. I quickly put my headphones in my pocket and pretended to be busy, but I could hear them coming closer and closer. I didn't have time to finish my paper so I had to hide it behind my chair."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Sue has a math test.", "prediction": "Sue is studying for her math test. She has been studying for hours, and she is almost done. She just needs to finish one problem, and then she will be done."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Tim's Fire Escape\":", "prediction": "Tim's escape plan was simple. He'd climb up the fire escape, make it to the roof, and then jump to the ground. It seemed like a foolproof plan, until he found himself stuck on the third step. With the building burning around him, Tim had no choice but to try and free himself."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: I lived by myself and one day decided to get a dog.", "prediction": "I was sitting on my front porch, enjoying the sun when I saw a dog walking down the street. He looked like he needed a home and I decided to get him. I named him Duke and we became best friends."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Ethan sat at the piano in his teacher's studio.", "prediction": "Ethan sat at the piano, practicing the scales his teacher had assigned for homework. He was getting tired of them, but he knew he had to keep up with the others in his class."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Vicky is a single widow.", "prediction": "Every day, Vicky wakes up to the sound of her dog whining. She knows that her breakfast is cold because she never makes it to the kitchen in time. Her day starts with walking her dog and cleaning the house before going to work. At work, she's constantly interrupted by phone calls and emails. On her way home, she usually stops at the grocery store to buy dinner for herself and her dog. After dinner, she sometimes watches TV or reads a book before bed."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"A New Calling\":", "prediction": "The old chair in the corner of the room sat unused for years. Dust accumulated on the upholstery, and the metal frame was corroded. But one day, someone saw it and knew that it could be put to use. They took a piece of wood and cut a hole in the back, then used the old frame as a stool."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Bill wasn't sure which barbecue grill he wanted to buy.", "prediction": "Bill wasn't sure which barbecue grill he wanted to buy, but he knew he wanted one with a lot of features. He went to several stores, but couldn't decide which one to buy. He finally decided on the one he liked the best, but when he got there, he found out that it was already sold."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Umpire\":", "prediction": "Billie Jean King was an umpire in professional tennis. She is most famous for her fight against Bobby Riggs, which she won in the 1973 US Open."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Ticket\":", "prediction": "I was going to the movie theater with my friends, but I lost my ticket."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Timmy was a 10 year old boy.", "prediction": "Timmy was sitting at his desk, bored out of his mind. He had been sitting there for hours, doing nothing. Suddenly, the door to his classroom opened, and in walked his teacher. Timmy's heart skipped a beat as he saw her."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Julian was nervous for his first piano recital.", "prediction": "Julian was nervous for his first piano recital. He had practiced for hours to make sure his performance would be good. He hoped that everyone in the audience would like it."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: I heard from my neighbor that there was a bear in the neighborhood.", "prediction": "I was out walking my dog when I heard a commotion from my neighbor's house. I went to investigate and saw a bear investigating the trashcan next to my neighbor's house."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"First Day of Work\":", "prediction": "I woke up early and carefully made my way to the office. I was nervous but excited for the new day. I greeted everyone and got to work. The hours flew by and before I knew it, it was time for lunch. I grabbed my bag and headed out to the cafeteria. I ate my lunch and then returned to work. I worked until nightfall and then headed home. I was glad that the first day of work was over."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: The owner of a bar started a joke contest one night among the guests.", "prediction": "The bar owner started a joke contest one night among the guests. The first person to come up with a funny joke won a free drink. Unfortunately, no one could come up with a good joke that night, so the bar owner gave everyone a free drink anyway."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Timmy was a shy boy.", "prediction": "Timmy was a shy boy who loved going to school. Every day, he would get out of bed and take a quick shower before rushing to get dressed. He would then head out the door, hoping he wouldn't run into anyone he knew."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Long Cut\":", "prediction": "The long cut was a favorite spot of mine to go for a walk. The path meandered through the forest, and I could always find a few interesting things to look at. Today, I found a small group of birds feeding in a clearing."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"mall\":", "prediction": "I walked through the mall, dodging the people and their bags. I wanted to find a store, but I didn't know where to start. I saw a shoe store and I decided to go in. I walked in and saw the shoes. They were so beautiful, but I didn't have any money. I went to the counter and asked if I could try on some of the shoes. The woman said yes, but I had to pay for them. I took the shoes and left the store."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Glowing Eyes\":", "prediction": "Kelly's eyes were glowing a bright blue, and she looked absolutely stunning. Her long brown hair was loose and flowed around her like a waterfall of silk. She was wearing a simple white dress that clung to her curves, and her feet were bare. Everyone who saw her stopped and stared."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Tom was in a rock band.", "prediction": "Tom was in a rock band for two years before he decided to take a break from the music scene. He wasn't really sure why, but he just didn't have the same drive to play music anymore. He missed being in a rock band and started thinking about starting one up again."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: My kids played the XBox and broke it.", "prediction": "My kids were playing the XBox and it broke. They were so excited to be able to play the games they had been wanting to try. Now they'll have to wait until we can afford to get a new one."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Bench Press\":", "prediction": "Johnny was bench pressing 225 pounds when his phone rang. He let go of the bar, and it crashed down to the ground with a thud. \"Damnit!\" he exclaimed. He quickly got up and grabbed his phone, noticing that it was an important call. He answered it and went back to the bench press, but his mind was elsewhere."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Annie loved the ocean.", "prediction": "Annie loved the ocean. She would go to the beach every day after school, whether it was hot or cold outside. The sound of the waves crashing against the shore always put a smile on her face."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Jean's Major\":", "prediction": "Jean's major is business. She loves learning about new businesses and brainstorming ways to make them more successful. She's always trying to find the best ways to market her products or services."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Giving Up\":", "prediction": "I've been trying to give up smoking for months, but it's hard. I keep thinking about the health risks and how quitting will make me feel better. But then I remember how good I felt the last time I didn't have cigarettes in my mouth and I cave."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"riot\":", "prediction": "The crowd of angry students began to chant and throw objects at the police officers, who responded with pepper spray and rubber bullets. The protesters had gathered to demonstrate against the recent increase in tuition prices, but the situation quickly turned into a full-blown riot."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Daniel used a laptop regularly and started experiencing wrist pain.", "prediction": "Daniel had been using a laptop regularly for work and started to experience wrist pain. He consulted with his doctor and was prescribed a brace to help relieve the pain."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: George loved to draw a lot.", "prediction": "George loved to draw, so he would often sit in his room and draw. His mom would come in and out, but she always seemed to be too busy to ask him to stop."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"New Pet\":", "prediction": "I had always wanted a dog, but my parents never seemed to think it was a good idea. After moving out of state for college, I finally convinced them to get me a puppy- and they were so happy! My new pet was a shih tzu named Daisy. She was the perfect size, playful and adorable. I loved spending time with her and looking after her."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Tilly was shopping at the store before Father's day.", "prediction": "Tilly was shopping for Father's day gifts at the store. She saw a gift for her father that she wanted to buy, but she wasn't sure if it was the right gift. Tilly thought about what her father would like and decided to buy the gift."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"College\":", "prediction": "I was deciding between two colleges and I had to make a decision quickly. I narrowed it down to one and I decided to go to the other school. I was really bummed because I liked the school I originally chose, but I decided to go to the other school anyway."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Mary moved into a large apartment.", "prediction": "Mary moved into a large apartment and quickly realized that she had no idea how to live in a new place. She was lost the first day and spent the whole day looking for her apartment. By the time she found it, it was late in the evening."}
