{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Molly decided to drive her mom's car.", "prediction": "Molly decided to drive her mom's car. She had never driven it before, but she figured it couldn't be that different from her own car. She was wrong. She hit a pole and totaled the car. Her mom was not happy."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"pizza night\":", "prediction": "Pizza night is a weekly tradition in our house. We always order the same thing: two large pizzas with pepperoni and extra cheese. We never get tired of it.\n\nTonight, we decided to try something different and ordered a pizza with sausage and peppers. It was really good! We might have to switch things up more often.\n\nWhile we were eating, we watched a movie on Netflix. It was the perfect evening."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: My girlfriend and I were watching a movie at night.", "prediction": "My girlfriend and I were watching a movie at night. It was one of those old black and white ones that she loves. I don't really understand why she loves them so much, but I humor her because I love her. Anyway, we were cuddled up on the couch together when the power went out."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"First Day Teaching\":", "prediction": "The first day of teaching is always the hardest. You have to be prepared for anything and everything. The students are always eager and excited to learn, but you have to be able to keep up with them. It's a lot of work, but it's also a lot of fun. I always enjoy the first day of teaching because it's a new start for everyone."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Yacht time\":", "prediction": "I love spending my summers on my family's yacht. It's the perfect place to relax and enjoy the sun and the water. My favorite part of the day is when the sun sets and we can sit out on the deck and watch the stars. It's a great way to spend time with my family and friends."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Perks of the job\":", "prediction": "I love my job. It's so rewarding. I get to help people every day and make a difference in their lives. I feel like I'm making a difference.\n\nThe best part of my job is the people I work with. They're all so supportive and friendly. We all share a common goal, and that's to help people. I feel like I'm part of a team, and we're all working together to achieve something great.\n\nI'm also really lucky to have a job that I enjoy. I look forward to coming to work every day, and I'm never bored. I'm constantly learning new things and expanding my skills.\n\nOverall, I'm extremely grateful for my job. It's challenging and rewarding, and I'm surrounded by great people. I feel like I'm making a difference in the world, and that's the best feeling of all."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"The Missed Meal\":", "prediction": "She had been so busy with work and taking care of the kids that she forgot to eat lunch. By the time she realized it, it was already dinner time. She was so famished that she decided to just eat whatever was in the fridge. She was lucky that there was still some leftovers from last night's dinner."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Loose Lips\":", "prediction": "Loose lips sink ships, or so they say. But, sometimes, loose lips can lead to the best stories. Take, for example, the time my friend's mom told me that she used to be a spy. I was sitting in their living room, minding my own business, when she leaned in and whispered, \"I used to be a spy.\" I was shocked! I had no idea what to say, so I just sat there with my mouth open. She told me about all of the different places she had been and the people she had met. I was fascinated. I had never heard anything like it before. Thanks to her loose lips, I got to hear an amazing story."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: The cleaning person we hired started today.", "prediction": "The cleaning person we hired started today. She did a great job and finished everything in the house before we got home from work. We were so happy with her work that we decided to give her a raise."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: We were visiting our daughter in 2009.", "prediction": "We were visiting our daughter in 2009. While we were there, we took a trip to the beach. It was a lot of fun. We got to see the dolphins and the sunset."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: The day dawned dark and gloomy.", "prediction": "The day dawned dark and gloomy. I had to drag myself out of bed, feeling like I had the weight of the world on my shoulders. I went through the motions of my daily routine, but everything felt pointless. I just wanted to curl up in a ball and hide from the world. But I had to keep going. I had to keep moving forward, even if it felt like I was wading through quicksand."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Bill bought an old bar to renovate.", "prediction": "The old bar was in rough shape. Bill bought it with the intention of renovating it and making it into something special. He worked on it every day, and slowly but surely it started to take shape. The locals were curious about the new place, and started to come by and check it out. Before long, the old bar was the new hot spot in town."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Computer Games\":", "prediction": "I used to love playing computer games. I would spend hours upon hours playing them. But then I realized that I was wasting my time. I needed to find something more productive to do with my time. So I stopped playing computer games. And I haven't looked back since."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Little Lisa's Chicken\":", "prediction": "1. Little Lisa was excited to feed her chickens.\n2. She had named them all, and they were her pets.\n3. She loved watching them peck at the ground and eat the bugs.\n4. One day, she found one of her chickens dead in the coop.\n5. She was sad, but she knew she had to take care of the other chickens."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"The Hotel\":", "prediction": "I was checking into my hotel room when I realized that I had left my bag in the car. I went back down to the lobby to get it, but the car was gone. I asked the hotel staff if they had seen it, but they said they hadn't. I called the police and they said they would look for it, but I didn't have much hope. I went back to my room and tried to enjoy my stay, but I couldn't help but worry about my lost bag."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Aaron was proud of his family's history.", "prediction": "Aaron was proud of his family's history. His ancestors had been in America since the 1600s, and he was proud to carry on the family tradition. Every day, he would wake up early and go for a run. Then, he would come home and have breakfast with his wife and children. After that, he would go to work and spend the day doing what he loved."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Jack took his stuffed bear to show and tell at preschool.", "prediction": "Jack took his stuffed bear to show and tell at preschool. All of his classmates loved it and wanted to hold it. His teacher told him that he did a great job sharing with his classmates. Jack was so happy that he couldn't wait to go home and show his mom his bear."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Watching it rain\":", "prediction": "The rain pattered gently against the window, a lullaby to soothe the broken hearted. She watched as the raindrops cascaded down the glass, each one a tear falling from the sky. The storm raged on outside, but she was content to watch from her warm, dry spot inside. It was therapeutic, watching the rain fall and listening to the thunder rumble in the distance. She felt at peace, surrounded by the storm."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"music\":", "prediction": "I was sitting in my room, playing my guitar and singing to myself. I suddenly realized how much I loved music. It was always there for me, making me happy when I was sad and helping me to express myself. I decided then that I wanted to be a musician. I wanted to share my love of music with the world."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Sue has a math test.", "prediction": "Sue has a math test and she is very nervous about it. She studies hard for the test and when it is finally time to take it, she does her best. Unfortunately, she does not do as well as she had hoped and she is very disappointed in herself."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Tim's Fire Escape\":", "prediction": "Tim was in his apartment when he heard the fire alarm. He went to the window and saw the fire escape. He climbed down the fire escape and got to safety. Tim was very lucky that he had a fire escape."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: I lived by myself and one day decided to get a dog.", "prediction": "I lived by myself and one day decided to get a dog. I went to the local animal shelter and found the perfect pup. I named her Mia and took her home. We have been inseparable ever since."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Ethan sat at the piano in his teacher's studio.", "prediction": "Ethan sat at the piano in his teacher's studio. He had been taking lessons for a few months and was starting to get the hang of it. Today, his lesson was going well. He was playing a song that he loved. His teacher was impressed with his progress."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Vicky is a single widow.", "prediction": "Vicky is a single widow. She has three kids and six grandkids. Every day, she wakes up at 6am to make breakfast for her family. After breakfast, she cleans the house and then goes to the park to walk her dog."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"A New Calling\":", "prediction": "I always knew I wanted to help people. As a young girl, I would play \"doctor\" with my dolls, and I knew that someday I would be a real doctor. But as I got older, I realized that there were other ways to help people. I became a teacher, and I loved my job. But something was still missing. I felt like I was meant to do more. And then I found volunteering. I started volunteering at the local hospital, and I loved it. It was perfect. I was finally doing what I was meant to do. I was helping people."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Bill wasn't sure which barbecue grill he wanted to buy.", "prediction": "He finally decided on the one that was on sale and headed to the checkout. After he paid, he loaded the grill into his car and drove home. When he got home, he realized that he had forgotten the charcoal."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Umpire\":", "prediction": "The umpire for the game was very strict. He called every pitch a strike, no matter where it was. The batters were getting frustrated, and the pitchers were getting angry. Finally, one of the batters stepped up to the plate and hit the ball out of the park. The umpire was so surprised that he didn't even call it a home run."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Ticket\":", "prediction": "I went to the movies yesterday and bought a ticket. The ticket was $12. I was so excited to see the movie. But when I got to the theater, I realized I had lost my ticket. I was so upset. I had to buy another ticket."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Timmy was a 10 year old boy.", "prediction": "Timmy was a 10 year old boy. He loved to play outside with his friends, but today he was stuck inside doing homework. His mom had promised him that if he finished his homework early, he could go outside and play for a while. Timmy was determined to finish his homework as quickly as possible."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Julian was nervous for his first piano recital.", "prediction": "Julian was nervous for his first piano recital. He had practiced for months and didn't want to make any mistakes. When he arrived at the auditorium, he saw his parents in the front row and felt a little better. He played his piece perfectly and even got a standing ovation from the audience."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: I heard from my neighbor that there was a bear in the neighborhood.", "prediction": "I heard from my neighbor that there was a bear in the neighborhood. I immediately called the police and they said they would send someone over. A few minutes later, an officer arrived and asked if I had seen the bear. I told him I hadn't, but my neighbor said she saw it in her backyard. The officer went to go check it out and sure enough, there was a bear!"}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"First Day of Work\":", "prediction": "I was so nervous on my first day of work. I had no idea what to expect. I was pleasantly surprised when I walked in and saw that everyone was so friendly. I quickly felt like I belonged there. I'm so glad I got the job, and I can't wait to see what the future holds."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: The owner of a bar started a joke contest one night among the guests.", "prediction": "The joke contest was a hit, and the guests loved it. The owner decided to make it a regular event. Every week, a different guest would be the judge, and the prize would be a free drink. One night, a regular customer who was known for his wit didn't show up. The owner decided to give him a call."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Timmy was a shy boy.", "prediction": "Timmy was a shy boy. He never talked in class, and he always ate lunch by himself. But Timmy was happy with his life. He loved to read books, and he was always top of his class. One day, Timmy's teacher asked him to read out loud in front of the class. Timmy was so scared that he ran out of the room. But his teacher followed him, and she told him that he was a smart and brave boy."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Long Cut\":", "prediction": "After years of cutting his own hair, Joe decided it was time to let a professional take over. He went to the best salon in town and got the works - shampoo, cut, and style. He wasn't sure what to expect, but he was pleasantly surprised with the results. His hair looked better than it ever had before, and he felt like a new man."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"mall\":", "prediction": "I was at the mall today and I saw a really cute dress in the window of one of the stores. I went inside to try it on and it looked even better on me than it did in the window. I bought it and then I went to get some lunch. After lunch, I did a little bit of shopping and then I went home."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Glowing Eyes\":", "prediction": "I was walking home from work late one night when I saw a pair of glowing eyes in the bushes. I was terrified and ran the rest of the way home. I told my husband about it and he went outside with a flashlight to check it out. It was just a cat."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Tom was in a rock band.", "prediction": "Tom was in a rock band. He played the electric guitar and loved it. Every day, he would practice for hours and then go to his gig. He made enough money to support himself and was happy doing what he loved."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: My kids played the XBox and broke it.", "prediction": "I was so angry that my kids played the XBox and broke it. I didn't know what to do or say. I just wanted to throw the Xbox out the window. But I knew I had to calm down and figure out a solution. I decided to take it away for a week and they had to find something else to do."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Bench Press\":", "prediction": "I walk into the gym, and I'm instantly hit with the smell of sweat and determination. I head over to the weight room, and I see him. He's got his shirt off, and he's covered in a sheen of sweat as he lifts the weights up and down. I can't help but admire his body as I watch him. He catches me looking, and he gives me a smirk. I blush and look away, but I can't help but steal glances at him as I work out."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Annie loved the ocean.", "prediction": "Annie loved the ocean. Every morning, she woke up early to watch the sunrise. Then she would go for a swim and spend the rest of the day exploring the reef. She loved the way the sun made the water sparkle."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Jean's Major\":", "prediction": "Jean was a very average student. She got good grades, but she was never the top of her class. She was content with this, until she realized that she would never be able to get into the college she wanted with her current grades. Jean decided to take a few extra classes and study a lot harder to try and improve her grades. This paid off, and she was accepted into her dream school."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"Giving Up\":", "prediction": "I was never a quitter, but when I met her I knew it was time to give up. She was everything I ever wanted in a partner and I knew I couldn't let her go. We started dating and things were wonderful, but I could tell she was holding back. After a few months, I finally got her to open up and she told me she was moving away. I didn't want to lose her, so I quit my job, packed up my things, and followed her."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"riot\":", "prediction": "A riot is an act of violence by a group of people. It is usually a response to something that has happened, such as a political event or a perceived injustice. Rioting can quickly turn into a destructive and chaotic situation, with people looting and causing damage to property. In some cases, the police may use force to try to control the situation. riots can have a lasting impact on a community, leaving it feeling scared and divided."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Daniel used a laptop regularly and started experiencing wrist pain.", "prediction": "Daniel used a laptop regularly and started experiencing wrist pain. After a few weeks, the pain became unbearable and he went to see a doctor. The doctor diagnosed him with carpal tunnel syndrome and told him to take a break from using the laptop. Daniel followed the doctor's orders and his wrist pain gradually went away."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: George loved to draw a lot.", "prediction": "George loved to draw a lot. He would spend hours upon hours drawing in his sketchbook. Every day, he would go outside and draw the trees, the sky, and the birds. He was always so happy when he was drawing."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"New Pet\":", "prediction": "I got a new pet and I'm so excited. I've always wanted a pet and now I finally have one. I've been wanting a pet for so long and I'm so excited to finally have one. I got a new pet and I'm so excited. I've always wanted a pet and now I finally have one."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Tilly was shopping at the store before Father's day.", "prediction": "Tilly was shopping at the store before Father's day. She was looking for the perfect gift for her dad when she saw a necktie. She knew her dad would love it, so she bought it and wrapped it up. She couldn't wait to give it to him on Father's day."}
{"input": "Write a five-sentence story about an everyday topic \"College\":", "prediction": "I wake up at 6 A.M., feeling groggy from my 8 P.M. bedtime the night before. I have just enough time to take a quick shower, get dressed, and grab a bite to eat before my 8 A.M. class. I'm not looking forward to another day of lectures, but I'm grateful that I only have classes Monday through Thursday. I know my Friday's will be spent catching up on homework and studying for upcoming exams. At least I'll have the weekend to relax before it all starts again."}
{"input": "Write a four-sentence story that captures daily events, starting with the following beginning: Mary moved into a large apartment.", "prediction": "Mary moved into a large apartment. The first thing she did was go exploring. She walked around the neighborhood and found a few places she liked. One was a coffee shop, one was a bookstore, and one was a park. She went to each of them every day."}
