{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: Why does it seem like I do not dream? Or when I do, I easily forget them?", "prediction": "Sometimes when we go to sleep, our brain makes up stories in our head. These stories are called dreams. But sometimes we don't remember them when we wake up because our brain forgets them too quickly. It's like when we play with toys and then forget about them the next day."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: What would happen to a website like Reddit(a site that uses content from other websites) if Net Neutrality goes away?", "prediction": "If Net Neutrality goes away, it means that some websites might have to pay more money to be seen by lots of people. This could make it harder for websites like Reddit to show cool stuff from other websites because they might not have enough money to pay for it."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: How to play Warhammer 40k, The tabletop game", "prediction": "Warhammer 40k is a fun game that you play on a big table with little toy soldiers. You and your friends each have your own army of toy soldiers, and you take turns moving them around and trying to make the other person's soldiers go away. It's like playing pretend battles with your toys! You use special dice to see if your soldiers are successful at shooting or fighting in close combat. The person who makes the other person's soldiers all go away first wins!"}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: Why do I feel the urge to make strange gurgling noises when I stretch?", "prediction": "Sometimes when we stretch, the air inside our tummy and throat moves around and makes funny sounds, like a gurgle. It's completely normal and happens to lots of people!"}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: Why do the colors red and yellow make you feel hungry?", "prediction": "Have you ever noticed that when you see the colors red and yellow together, like on a sign for McDonald's or Burger King, you start to feel hungry? Well, that's because those colors can make your brain think about yummy food! It's kind of like how smelling fresh cookies baking in the oven can make you feel hungry too."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: The process how news typically travels", "prediction": "Okay kiddo, so when something happens in the world that is important for people to know about, like a big storm or a new law being made, someone who works for a news company will find out about it and write a story. Then they will put the story on their website or in a newspaper or on TV so that lots of people can read or watch it. And then, if it's really important, other news companies will also write stories about it and share it with even more people. That's how news travels!"}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: How do exercise, calories, fat, heart-rate work?", "prediction": "When we exercise, our body moves and uses energy. Calories are like little pieces of energy that help our body move and do things. Fat is a type of food that can give us lots of energy, but if we eat too much of it, it can make us unhealthy. Our heart beats faster when we exercise because it needs to pump more blood and oxygen to our muscles so they can keep moving."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: Do chickens get sad when farmers take their eggs?", "prediction": "Well, some chickens might be a little sad when farmers take their eggs, but many chickens lay eggs every day and don't really care if the farmer takes them or not. The farmer needs to take the eggs so that people can eat them! It's just like when your mom or dad cooks you breakfast and uses eggs to make your favorite omelette. The eggs come from chickens and are very yummy!"}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: Why does moss/algae podaminantly grow on the north side of trees, houses etc.", "prediction": "Sometimes moss and algae like to grow on the trees and houses. They especially like to grow on the side that is facing north. Maybe they think it's cooler or shadier there. It's kind of like how you might like to sit in the shade when it's hot outside."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: Why do I get sleepy after reading 2 hours or studying but my scumbag brain can play Skyrim all night without getting tired?", "prediction": "When you read or study for a long time, your brain gets really tired and needs to rest. But when you play games like Skyrim, your brain is having so much fun that it doesn't feel tired and wants to keep playing. It's like when you get tired after playing outside for a long time, but if you're doing something you really enjoy like riding your bike or playing with your friends, you don't feel as tired."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: In cartoons, when an object is going to move, why is it an obviously different shade/than the rest of the background?", "prediction": "In cartoons, sometimes objects that are going to move look a little different from the background. This is so we can see them better and know they're going to move. It's like when you play hide-and-seek and someone's foot is sticking out from behind the couch - you can tell where they are because something looks different from the rest of the room."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: My glasses perscription", "prediction": "Your glasses prescription is like a special note that tells the doctor how to make your glasses so you can see better! Just like how some people need different shoes or clothes, some people need different glasses to help their eyes see better."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: Does body weight affect how much weight a person can lift?", "prediction": "Hey kiddo! Someone on Reddit asked if the weight of a person's body makes a difference in how much heavy stuff they can pick up. The answer is yes! If someone has a really heavy body, it might be harder for them to lift something heavy because their body is already using a lot of energy just to move around. But if someone has a lighter body, it might be easier for them to lift something heavy because they have more energy to use just for lifting. Hope that helps!"}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: Why does crying affect breathing so much?", "prediction": "When we cry, our body gets very sad and emotional. This can make our breathing go faster and harder, which means we take in more air than usual. It's like when you run really fast and your heart beats faster because you need more oxygen. Crying can also make us feel like we have a lump in our throat or like we need to take big, deep breaths to calm down."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: Is anybody else getting sick of seeing \"what EL15 isn't for\" posts on their front page?", "prediction": "Some people are making posts about what a subreddit called \"EL15\" is not meant for. This is making some other people bored or annoyed when they see these posts on their computer screen."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: How do dogs understand human commands?", "prediction": "Well, dogs can understand what people say by learning the words and sounds we use. It's like when you learn to read and understand the words in a book. Dogs also pay attention to our body language and tone of voice to figure out what we want them to do. So when we say \"sit\" and point our finger down, they know to put their bottom on the ground. It's like playing a game where we teach them what different words mean and how to respond to them."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: How is perfume created?", "prediction": "Perfume is like a special mix of nice smells that people like to put on their body. It's made by mixing different scents together, like flowers or fruits or spices. Then, it's mixed with alcohol and water to make it last longer. People who make perfume are like chefs, but instead of making food, they make nice smells for people to wear."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: can elephants get nosebleeds? What does it look like if they get one?", "prediction": "Yes, elephants can get nosebleeds just like people sometimes do. When an elephant gets a nosebleed, it means that blood is coming out of their nose. It might look like a red liquid dripping from their nose, kind of like when you have a runny nose but it's red instead of clear."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: What is the difference between Spanish spoken in Latin America as opposed to Spain?", "prediction": "The way people speak Spanish is a little bit different in Latin America than it is in Spain. It's kind of like how some words might sound different when your friend says them compared to when your teacher says them. But it's still the same language and you can understand both!"}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: Why are hangovers so much worse as we get older?", "prediction": "When we grow up, our bodies change and can't handle things like they used to. When we drink too much alcohol, it makes our body feel really bad the next day. This feeling is called a hangover. As we get older, our body gets more sensitive to alcohol and it makes us feel even worse than before. It's like when you eat too much candy, you might feel sick and not want to eat it again for a while."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: Why does walking on wet sand leave dry footprints?", "prediction": "When we walk on wet sand, the water gets pushed down and away from our feet. That means there is less water left on top of the sand where our feet touched it. So even though our feet are wet, they leave dry footprints behind!"}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: What are decibels?", "prediction": "Decibels are like a special way to measure how loud or quiet something is. It tells us if a sound is really loud, like a fire alarm, or very quiet, like a whisper."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: Why do we have money?", "prediction": "We have money so we can trade it for things we want or need, like toys, food, and clothes. It's like when you trade your toy car with your friend's toy truck. But instead of trading toys, we use money to buy things we want!"}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: If women receive less than men for the same job, why don't companies just hire women?", "prediction": "Sometimes companies don't hire women because they think that men are better at the job, even if that's not true. And sometimes they pay women less because they think they can get away with it. But it's important to treat everyone fairly and pay them the same amount for doing the same job."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: Why are our organs different colors inside our bodies?", "prediction": "Our body has many parts that help us do different things, like our heart pumps blood and our stomach helps us digest food. These parts are called organs and they come in different colors because they are made up of different kinds of cells and tissues that look different under a microscope. Just like how apples can be red or green, our organs can be different colors inside our bodies."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: When you make an entire bucket of water boil, why doesnt the water vaporize at the same time ?", "prediction": "When you put water in a bucket and heat it up, the water gets really hot and starts to bubble. The bubbles are called steam and they're made up of tiny drops of water that have turned into gas because they've gotten so hot. But even though some of the water has turned into steam, not all of it has. This is because the heat from the stove or fire is only heating up the parts of the water closest to it. So while some of the water is turning into steam, other parts are still staying cold and liquid."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: How did people clean their teeth before the invention of the toothbrush?", "prediction": "Well, a long time ago, people didn't have toothbrushes like we have today. They used things like twigs or small sticks to clean their teeth. They would chew on the end of the twig until it became soft and then use the frayed end to brush their teeth. It wasn't as easy as using a toothbrush, but it was still important to keep their teeth clean and healthy!"}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: Can a quantum computer solve problems that would be impossible to solve using regular computing; or human thought?", "prediction": "A quantum computer is like a super smart calculator that can solve really hard problems much faster than our regular calculators or even our brains! It can do things that seem impossible for us to do by ourselves."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: How does metabolism actually work?", "prediction": "Metabolism is like a magic energy machine inside your body that helps you turn the food you eat into fuel for your body. Just like a car needs gas to run, your body needs food to give you energy and make you grow big and strong. Your metabolism helps break down the food you eat into smaller pieces that your body can use for energy and other important things."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: How exactly does Deja Vu happen, and is it abnormal to experience it daily?", "prediction": "Deja Vu is when you feel like you have seen or experienced something before, even though it's happening for the first time. It's like a funny feeling that makes you think \"wait a minute, I've done this before!\" \n\nSome people experience Deja Vu every day, but it's not abnormal. It just means that their brain is working in a special way that makes them feel like they have already experienced something even if they haven't."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: Why is it that different language groups make different sounds (onomatopoeia) - for example, a rooster's crow? Why are they not universally the same?", "prediction": "Different people from different parts of the world make different sounds to describe things, like animals or machines. This is because they use different words and different sounds in their language. So, when we hear a rooster crow in English, it sounds like \"cock-a-doodle-doo,\" but in another language, it might sound different, like \"kukuriku\" in Spanish. It's like how you might call your pet dog \"puppy,\" but someone else might call their dog \"chien\" if they speak French."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: Why do movie theaters explain which way to your screen?", "prediction": "Sometimes when we go to watch a movie in a big room, there are lots of screens. To make sure we know which screen we need to look at, the movie theater tells us which way to look. It's like when we play a game and someone tells us where to look to find what we need."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: How a news story goes missing...", "prediction": "Sometimes when people write news stories, they forget to save them or they accidentally delete them. It\u2019s like when you draw a really cool picture and then accidentally erase it before you can show anyone. The news story is gone and nobody can read it."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: Why is it that there are cases of people falling from INCREDIBLE heights and living, yet people getting hit by cars going ~30mph die?", "prediction": "Sometimes when people fall from really high places, their bodies are able to absorb the impact and they might get hurt but still survive. But when a car hits someone going even just a little bit fast, it can cause a lot of damage to the body that makes it hard for them to live. It's kind of like how dropping a toy from your hand might not break it, but if you throw it really hard it might break."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: Why do companies use trans-fats? (to give cookies \"desired consistency\" and not just saturated fat?)?", "prediction": "Companies use trans-fats to make cookies and other foods taste yummy and have a nice shape. It's like using special blocks to build a really cool tower instead of just using regular blocks. But trans-fats are not very good for our bodies, so it's important to eat them only sometimes and in small amounts."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: What would happen if there was a fire on the International Space Station? How is this prevented?", "prediction": "If there was a fire in the space house, the astronauts would be in big trouble because they can't run away like on Earth. To stop this from happening, they have special rules to follow and things like smoke detectors, fire extinguishers, and good ventilation that help keep them safe. They also practice what to do in case of a fire so they know how to stay safe."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: What\u2019s philosophy", "prediction": "Philosophy is like asking a lot of \"why\" questions about the world and trying to figure out what things mean. It's like thinking really hard about how we should live our lives, what is right or wrong, and what makes us happy."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: How can I remember something from years back, but I can lose my phone when it's in my hand", "prediction": "Sometimes we remember things from a long time ago because they were really important to us, like a fun vacation or a special birthday. But we can forget things that are happening right now, like where we put our phone, because we might not be paying attention or thinking about it. It's like when you're playing with your toys and you forget where you put one of them because you were having so much fun!"}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: why do dark haired people generally get tanner than light haired/blondes?", "prediction": "When we go outside in the sun, our skin can change color and become darker. People with dark hair usually have more of a special thing called melanin in their skin. This helps protect their skin from the sun and makes it easier for them to get a tan. People with light hair don't usually have as much melanin, so their skin might not get as dark when they're out in the sun."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: What purpose do tonsils serve and why do some people have to have them removed while others do not?", "prediction": "Tonsils are like little soldiers in our throat that help fight germs and keep us healthy. Sometimes, when they get really sick, doctors may have to take them out so they don't make the rest of our body sick too. But not everyone needs to have them taken out, it depends on how sick they are."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: How are mass protests organised/executed?", "prediction": "Sometimes, when lots of people want to show that they are unhappy about something, they might all get together and walk around in the streets. This is called a \"protest\". People who want to organise a protest might talk to their friends or put up signs to tell other people when and where to meet. Then, everyone walks around together and says things like \"we want things to be different\" or \"we don't like what's happening\". The police might come too, to make sure everyone stays safe."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: How does our sense of touch enable us to feel that something is about to slip from our hands, before it does?", "prediction": "Our hands have little sensors called nerves that can feel things like texture and temperature. When we hold something, our hands use these sensors to tell our brain how hard we are holding it. If our hand starts to feel like it's not holding the thing as tightly, the nerves send a message to our brain that the thing might slip out of our hand soon. This helps us be ready to catch it before it falls!"}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: How are businesses able to acquire phone numbers like \"333-3333\"?", "prediction": "Well, some businesses can ask the people who decide phone numbers to give them a special number like \"333-3333\". It's kind of like picking a special nickname for yourself. But not all businesses can get a special number like that, only some of them."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: How much money is needed in order to not have to work for the rest of your life?", "prediction": "To not have to work for the rest of your life, you need a lot of money. It's like when you want to buy a toy that costs a lot of money, you have to save up a lot of your allowance or birthday money. For grown-ups, they have to save up even more money than you would for a toy so that they can stop working and have enough money to live on forever."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: I have a cut on my hand. It's been a few days and there is a scab, and the surrounding skin is warm to the touch and red. What are my cells doing near the cite of the wound to repair the damage?", "prediction": "When you get a cut, your body sends lots of little helpers called cells to fix it. They work really hard to make a scab, which is like a band-aid that covers the cut. The redness and warmth mean that the cells are still working to heal the cut. It's important to be patient and let the cells do their job so that your hand can get better soon!"}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: Why are healthy foods more expensive to buy than processed foods?", "prediction": "Well, you know how sometimes mommy and daddy tell you to eat your fruits and vegetables because they are good for you? Well, those foods are called healthy foods. But sometimes, they can be more expensive to buy than other foods like chips or candy. It's kind of like when you want a toy from the store that costs more money than a sticker book. Sometimes things that are better for us cost more money."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: What happens to someone\u2019s money/bank account after they die?", "prediction": "When someone dies, their money and bank account is given to their family or friends. It's like when you give your toys to your brother or sister when you don't need them anymore."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: How does the nature balance the sex ratio and reproduction rates of humans and animals?", "prediction": "Nature makes sure that there are enough boy and girl animals and humans born so they can make babies and keep their populations healthy. Sometimes more boys are born, sometimes more girls are born, but overall it's pretty even. And animals and humans also have different ways of having babies, some have lots of babies at once while others only have one or two at a time. But nature always makes sure there are enough babies being born to keep things balanced."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: If the outer edge of a rotating disk travels faster than a point closer to the centre then is there a point in the centre that is at standstill?", "prediction": "Imagine you have a spinning top. The part on the outside of the top moves really fast, but the part in the middle doesn't move as fast. There is a tiny dot right in the very center of the top that doesn't move at all. It's like when you spin around with your arms out and your hands go really fast, but your belly button doesn't move as much, and your nose stays still!"}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: If someone has access to my Internet cable, what information can he get?", "prediction": "If someone has access to your Internet cable, they can see all the things you look at on the computer and the things you do online. Just like how someone who looks over your shoulder while you're playing a game can see what buttons you press and what happens on the screen. So it's important to keep your Internet cable safe and not let anyone use it without permission!"}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: How do you EASILY measure/estimate the food that you eat without measuring the actual amount?", "prediction": "Sometimes we want to know how much food we're eating, but we don't have a special tool to measure it. So instead, we can use our hands and fingers! We can estimate how much food we're eating by looking at our hand and using it as a guide. For example, one portion of protein (like meat or beans) is about the size of our palm. One serving of fruit or vegetables is about the size of our fist. And one serving of grains (like rice or pasta) is about the size of our cupped hand. By using our hand as a guide, we can estimate how much food we're eating without needing a special tool to measure it."}
{"input": "Answer the Reddit forum question in a way that is comprehensible by five-year-olds: Evolutionarily, why do we care about how food tastes? We need glucose and salt and fat, but why do we care about spiciness or pungency or flavor?", "prediction": "As humans, we need to eat food to stay healthy and strong. Some foods have things called glucose, salt, and fat that our bodies need to work properly. But we also like it when our food tastes good and has different flavors like spicy or sweet. This is because long ago, our ancestors learned that some foods that tasted bad could make them sick or even hurt them. So they started to prefer foods that tasted good and were safe to eat. That's why we still care about how our food tastes today!"}
